README.md, before:

# Basic API

This activity involves using the Node.js `http` module, to create a basic API based on the grocery shopping tracker. Interactions between the client and the server will be managed using Postman, and HTTP requests. The user should be able to view, create, edit, and delete grocery items on the server.

## Requirements

- Node.js http module server
- Logging with Winston
- As a client, you must be able to:
    - View the grocery list
        - GET
    - Add an Item
        - POST
    - Edit an Item
        - PUT
    - Delete an Item
        - DELETE
- The Item
    - Name
    - Price
    - Quantity
    - Purchased
- HTTP Methods and Status Codes must be used
- Any data that is transferred must be in JSON format
- Use Postman to handle testing your API
- Used Jest and supertest to test API

You do not need to handle authentication, persisting of the data, or a frontend. Verify the behavior of the API using Postman and JSON messages from the server as responses.

## Useful Resources

- [Winston Tutorial](https://stackify.com/winston-logging-tutorial/)
- [Node HTTP](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/anatomy-of-an-http-transaction)
- [Postman Guide](https://learning.postman.com/docs/getting-started/overview/)

Commit message:

Added to readme with coverage explanation

README.md, after:

# Basic API

This activity involves using the Node.js `http` module, to create a basic API based on the grocery shopping tracker. Interactions between the client and the server will be managed using Postman, and HTTP requests. The user should be able to view, create, edit, and delete grocery items on the server.

## Requirements

- Node.js http module server
- Logging with Winston
- As a client, you must be able to:
    - View the grocery list
        - GET
    - Add an Item
        - POST
    - Edit an Item
        - PUT
    - Delete an Item
        - DELETE
- The Item
    - Name
    - Price
    - Quantity
    - Purchased
- HTTP Methods and Status Codes must be used
- Any data that is transferred must be in JSON format
- Use Postman to handle testing your API
- Used Jest and supertest to test API
  - Got 41% coverage because I only focused on the CRUD operations. Server still needs to do some parsing

You do not need to handle authentication, persisting of the data, or a frontend. Verify the behavior of the API using Postman and JSON messages from the server as responses.

## Useful Resources

- [Winston Tutorial](https://stackify.com/winston-logging-tutorial/)
- [Node HTTP](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/anatomy-of-an-http-transaction)
- [Postman Guide](https://learning.postman.com/docs/getting-started/overview/)
